Game Overview
In Navratri, players are collecting sets of Prasad ( A material substance of vegetarian food that is a religious offering), 
to make offerings to the nine forms of Goddess Durga worshipped during the nine nights of Navratri.

Components
 (WIP)
 
Setup
Players each start with a 45 card deck of Prasads, 5 cards of each Prasad for each of the nine nights. ( Three 1 point, One 2 point and One 3 point value cards)
Lay out the ten Goddess cards (One Goddess Durga, and Nine Goddess cards, one for each form of Goddess Durga representing each night of the festival) in the middle of the play space. Best to place the Goddess cards in day order, left to right (1-9).

How to play
 Play is continuous and simultaneous.
Each player starts by drawing five (5) cards from their 45 card deck into their hand.
1. Players each select one (1) card from their hand to keep and add to their collection of Prasads.
2. Each player draws one (1) from their deck into their hand, to make their hand size five (5).
3. Players then pass their hand to the player to their left.
Repeat steps 1-3 until one or more players announce they have completed all nine sets of Prasads, 1 set for each of the nine nights. This signals the end of the game.

Completed Offerings
 A completed offering is a set of three (3) or more of the same Prasads for a specific night of Navratri.
The first player to make an offering for any specific day, claims the Goddess card for that night and scores a bonus three (3) points. Once a player claims the Goddess card for any specific night, that player may no longer collect prasads for that night. Other players may continue to collect prasads for that night.(So beware, making an offering too soon will limit your ability to score points for that night, while others can continue to score points for that night.)

End of game
 Once one or more players announced they have completed all nine sets of Prasads, 1 set for each of the nine nights. Play stops, no more passing of cards, although players may still select and place their last card on the round the game ends. Scoring begins.
The first player to announce they have completed all nine sets of Prasads are awarded the Maan Dugra Goddess card and six (6) bonus points.
Players only score points for completed offerings and any bonus cards claimed during game play.
Add up the point values of all collected Prasads cards for all completed offerings, and any bonus point cards. The player with the most points is the winner.
1. Player with the most points and Maan Dugra Goddess card
2. Player with the most points and the most Goddess cards. (not including Mann Dugra)
3. Player with the most points, and the most completed offerings.
4. Game ends in a tie =)
